So what I want to build is an AI news aggregator where I can take multiple sources. So for example, YouTube channels and I want for example blog posts from OpenAI and Anthropic and I want to scrape those put them into a database where we have some kind of structure where we have sources we have let's call them articles and then what I want to do is I want to run a daily digest where we're going to take all of the articles from within that time frame and we're going to do an LLM summary around that and then based on the user insights that we specify in some kind of agent system prompt. We can generate a daily digest which is going to be short snippets with a link to the original source. Now from the YouTube channels I want to be able to create a list of channels and then we want to get the latest videos from those channels. I think we can use the YouTube RSS feed for that and for the blog posts we can just have URLs that we can scrape for that. Okay. So I want everything built in a Python back end. I want to use a Postgres SQL database. I want to use SQL alchemy in order to define the database models and then to also create the tables. I want the project structure to be an app folder where all the app logic is in. And then I also want a docker folder where we first create a very minimal setup for the Postgres SQL database. And then that will probably be starting point. We want to make sure that later down the line, we can easily deploy the whole app to Render and then also schedule it every 24 hours to run the reports, get everything. And then when we've created the daily digest, I want to send an email to my personal inbox with this.


https://openai.com/news
https://anthropic.com/engineering
https://anthropic.com/research
